Checklist for both Assignee and reviewer (#7)
mittechteam/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--- Include details of your testing environment, and the tests you ran to -->
<!--- see how your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Screenshots (if appropriate):

> ## Checklist (Assigne):
> 
> - [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
> - [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
> - [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
> - [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
> - [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
> - [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
> - [ ] Uploaded the rosbag/video link if tested on real bot.
> - [ ] I have tagged the Observers (atleast one Alumni)
> - [ ] I have added correct labels.
> 
> ## Checklist (Reviewer):
> 
> - [ ] Code is well-organized and easy to understand.
> - [ ] Build and test succesfully.
> - [ ] The rosbag or simulation results are reviewed for new functionalities or fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checklist (Assignee):

- [ ] The PR tackles a singular feature/issue/topic
- [ ] There are no unnecessary changes that have no relation to this PR
- [ ] There are no large commented blocks of code that can be removed
- [ ] The code has comments, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] All tests are passing locally
- [ ] Will documentation for this change be helpful later? Has it been added?
- [ ] Relevant rosbags/sim/robot videos of testing have been uploaded
- [ ] I have @ the Observers (atleast one Alumni)
- [ ] I have added correct labels to the PR (enhancement, bug, etc.)

## Checklist (Reviewer):

- [ ] I have double checked all of Assignee above checks
- [ ] The documentation, if any, is clear to understand and thorough
- [ ] The changes have been tested locally/on sim/on robot and they are performing as intended
- [ ] Code is well-organized, well documented and easy to understand
- [ ] The rosbag or simulation results are reviewed for new functionalities or fixes
- [ ] The observer has given a go ahead
- [ ] All tests are passing on CI
```
